
Q: What is black; white; green and bumpy?
A: A pickle wearing a tuxedo.
Q: What do you call cheese that isn't yours?
A: Nacho cheese!
Q: What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic?
A: Sanka!
Q: What's the best thing to put into a pie?
A: Your teeth!
Q: Waiter, this food tastes kind of funny?
A: Then why aren't you laughing!
Q: Did you hear the joke about the peanut butter?
A: I'm not telling you. You might spread it!
Q: Why do the French like to eat snails?
A: Because they don't like fast food!
Q: Why did the fisherman put peanut butter into the sea?
A: To go with the jellyfish!
Q: Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke?
A: Because it might crack up!
Q: What did the baby corn say to it's mom?
A: Where is pop corn?
Q: What do you call candy that was stolen?
A: Hot chocolate!
Q: What kind of nuts always seems to have a cold?
A: Cashews!
Q: Waiter, will my pizza be long?
A: No sir, it will be round!
Q: What is green and sings?
A: Elvis Parsley
Q: Why did the banana go to the doctor?
A: Because it wasn't peeling well!
Q: What is green and brown and crawls through the grass?
A: A Girl Scout who has lost her cookie.
Q: What is white, has a horn, and gives milk?
A: A dairy truck!
Q: What candy do you eat on the playground?
A: Recess pieces.
Q: Why don't you starve in a desert?
A: Because of all the 'sand which is' there.
Q: How do you make a walnut laugh?
A: Crack it up!
Q: In which school do you learn to make ice cream?
A: Sunday School.
Q: What do elves make sandwiches with?
A: Shortbread
Q: Why shouldn't you tell a secret on a farm?
A: Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.
Q: What is a pretzel's favorite dance?
A: The Twist!
Q: What are twins favorite fruit?
A: Pears!
Q: If a crocodile makes shoes, what does a banana make?
A: Slippers!
Q: What do you give to a sick lemon?
A: Lemon aid!
Q: Why did the lady love to drink hot chocolate?
A: Because she was a cocoanut!
Q: How do you make a milk shake?
A: Give it a good scare!
Q: What do you call a peanut in a spacesuit?
A: An astronut!
Q: What kind of keys do kids like to carry?
A: Cookies!
Q: Why don't they serve chocolate in prison?
A: Because it makes you break out!
Q: What cheese is made backwards?
A: Edam.
Q: What has one head, one foot and four legs?
A: A Bed
Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof?
A: Never mind, it's over your head!
Q: How many letters are in The Alphabet?
A: There are 11 letters in The Alphabet
Q: How can you spell cold with two letters?
A: IC (icy)
Q: What state is surrounded by the most water?
A: Hawaii (this is really just a trick riddle)
Q: David's father had three sons: Snap, Crackle, and ?
A: David!
Q: If you were in a race and passed the person in 2nd place, what place would you be in?
A: 2nd place!
Q: What is the center of gravity?
A: The letter V!
Q: What English word has three consecutive double letters?
A: Bookkeeper
Q: What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?
A: A penny!
Q: The turtle took two chocolates to Texas to teach Thomas to tie his boots. How many T's in that?
A: There are 2 T's in THAT!
Q: What goes up, but never comes down?
A: Your age!
Q: What gets bigger and bigger as you take more away from it?
A: A hole!
Q: How many months have 28 days?
A: All of them!
Q: Can you spell rotted with two letters?
A: DK (decay)
Q: How many books can you put into an empty backpack?
A: One! After that it's not empty.
Q: Which weighs more, a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks?
A: Neither, they both weigh a ton!
Q: Does your shirt have holes in it?
A: No, then how did you put it on?
Q: What starts with a P and ends with an E and has a million letters in it?
A: Post Office!
Q: When does a cart come before a horse?
A: In the dictionary!
Q: What is full of holes but can still hold water?
A: A sponge!
Q: What has two hands, a round face, always runs, but stays in place?
A: A clock!
Q: Where does success come before work?
A: In the dictionary!
Q: What breaks when you say it?
A: Silence!
Q: How many peas are there in a pint?
A: There is one 'P' in a 'pint'.
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Ashe----Ashe who?
A: Bless you!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's there?----Nobel----Nobel who?
A: No bell, that's why I knocked!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's there?----Leaf----Leaf who?
A: Leaf me alone!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----lettuce----lettuce who?
A: Lettuce in and you'll find out!
Q: Knock-knock----Who's there?----Aaron----Aaron who?
A: Why Aaron you opening the door?
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Tank----Tank Who?
A: You're welcome!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's there?----Hawaii----Hawaii who?
A: I'm fine, Hawaii you?
Q: Knock, knock----Who's there?----Orange----Orange who?
A: Orange you even going to open the door!
Q: Knock-knock----Who's there?----Gray Z----Gray Z who?
A: Gray Z mixed up kid.
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Who----Who Who?
A: Is there an owl in there?
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Anita----Anita who?
A: Anita to borrow a pencil.
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Woo----Woo who?
A: Don't get so excited, it's just a joke.
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Figs----Figs who?
A: Figs the doorbell, it's broken!
Q: Knock-knock----Who's there?----Alice----Alice who?
A: Alice fair in love and war.
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Annie----Annie Who?
A: Annie thing you can do, I can do better.
Q: Knock-knock----Who's there?----Yukon----Yukon who?
A: Yukon say that again!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Boo----Boo Who?
A: Well you don't have to cry about it.
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Theodore----Theodore who?
A: Theodore is stuck and it won't open!
Q: Knock-knock----Who's there?----Cher----Cher who?
A: Cher would be nice if you opened the door!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Amos----Amos who?
A: A mosquito bit me!
Q: Knock, knock----Who's There?----Police----Police Who?
A: Police let us in, it's cold out here!
Q: Knock-knock----Who's there?----Amarillo----Amarillo who?
A: Amarillo nice guy.
Q: What do you call a sleeping bull?
A: A bull-dozer.
Q: How do you fit more pigs on your farm?
A: Build a sty-scraper!
Q: What did the farmer call the cow that had no milk?
A: An udder failure.
Q: Why do gorillas have big nostrils?
A: Because they have big fingers!
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?
A: Spoiled milk.
Q: Why are teddy bears never hungry?
A: They are always stuffed!
Q: Why do fish live in salt water?
A: Because pepper makes them sneeze!
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?
A: Spoiled milk.
Q: Where do polar bears vote?
A: The North Poll
Q: What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room?
A: Odor in the court!
Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss?
A: Ouch!
Q: Why did the snake cross the road?
A: To get to the other ssssssside!
Q: Why are fish so smart?
A: Because they live in schools.
Q: What do you call a cow that won't give milk?
A: A milk dud!
Q: When is a well dressed lion like a weed?
A: When he's a dandelion (dandy lion)
Q: How does a lion greet the other animals in the field?
A: Pleased to eat you.
Q: What happened when the lion ate the comedian?
A: He felt funny!
Q: What fish only swims at night?
A: A starfish!
Q: Why is a fish easy to weigh?
A: Because it has its own scales!
Q: What do you get when a chicken lays an egg on top of a barn?
A: An eggroll!
Q: Why didn't the chicken cross the road?
A: Because there was a KFC on the other side!
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road?
A: To show everyone he wasn't chicken!
Q: Why did the lion spit out the clown?
A: Because he tasted funny!
Q: Why did the turkey cross the road?
A: To prove he wasn't chicken!
Q: What animals are on legal documents?
A: Seals!
Q: What do you get when you cross a snake and a pie?
A: A pie-thon!
Q: What is 'out of bounds'?
A: An exhausted kangaroo!
Q: What did the buffalo say to his son when he went away on a trip?
A: Bison!
Q: Why didn't the boy believe the tiger?
A: He thought it was a lion!
Q: How do bees get to school?
A: By school buzz!
Q: What do you call a bear with no ears?
A: B!
Q: What animal has more lives than a cat?
A: Frogs, they croak every night!
Q: What do you call an underwater spy?
A: James Pond!
Q: Why did the policeman go to the baseball game?
A: He heard someone had stolen a base!
Q: Why did the book join the police?
A: He wanted to go undercover!
Q: Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab?
A: The scientists were brainstorming!
Q: What do lawyers wear to court?
A: Lawsuits!
Q: What did the lawyer name his daughter?
A: Sue
Q: What kind of car does a farmer drive?
A: A cornvertable!
Q: What do you call a flying police officer?
A: A helicopper!
Q: How did the farmer mend his pants?
A: With cabbage patches!
Q: Why did the lazy man want a job in a bakery?
A: So he could loaf around!
Q: Why did the farmer ride his horse to town?
A: It was too heavy to carry!
Q: What do you call a happy cowboy?
A: A jolly rancher.
Q: What did the ground say to the earthquake?
A: You crack me up!
Q: Why did the music teacher need a ladder?
A: To reach the high notes.
Q: What's the worst thing you're likely to find in the school cafeteria?
A: The Food!
Q: What kind of plates do they use on Venus?
A: Flying saucers!
Q: Why did nose not want to go to school?
A: He was tired of getting picked on!
Q: How do you get straight A's?
A: By using a ruler!
Q: What did the pen say to the pencil?
A: So, what's your point!
Q: Why did the kid study in the airplane?
A: Because he wanted a higher education!
Q: How did the music teacher get locked in the classroom?
A: His keys were inside the piano!
Q: What do elves learn in school?
A: The elf-abet!
Q: What did you learn in school today?
A: Not enough, I have to go back tomorrow!
Q: What holds the sun up in the sky?
A: Sunbeams!
Q: What object is king of the classroom?
A: The ruler!
Q: When do astronauts eat?
A: At launch time!
Q: What did the pencil sharpener say to the pencil?
A: Stop going in circles and get to the point!
Q: How does the barber cut the moon's hair?
A: E-clipse it!
Q: What happened when the wheel was invented?
A: It caused a revolution!
Q: What do librarians take with them when they go fishing?
A: Bookworms
Q: What is the world's tallest building?
A: The library because it has the most stories.
Q: What vegetables to librarians like?
A: Quiet peas.
Q: Why did the clock in the cafeteria run slow?
A: It always went back four seconds.
Q: Why didn't the sun go to college?
A: Because it already had a million degrees!